So far, I've been referring to the Kalman filter as one unique entity.
However, they're actually three common types.
There is a standard Kalman filter and there are two variations to it,
the extended Kalman filter and the unscented Kalman filter.
The Kalman filter can be applied to linear systems,
ones where the output is proportional to the input.
The EKF can be applied to non-linear systems which is more applicable in robotics,
as real-world systems are more often non-linear than linear.
The UKF is another type of non-linear estimator appropriate for
highly non-linear systems where EKF may fail to converge.
In this lesson, you'll be learning about
the Kalman filter and the extended Kalman filter.
If you wish to learn about the unscented Kalman filter,
you will find some helpful resources provided.
Feel free to keep these for future reference.